Terms of Service¶

Usage Agreement¶

By inviting the Discord Bot *Mopey*#4550 (Unique discord user ID 693088307285983254. Hereby referred to as "bot") to a Discord Server ("server"), or by using its features, you agree to the below listed Terms of Service ("terms") and Privacy Policy ("policy").

You may invite the bot to a server you have sufficient permissions for and use its sets of features on any server you share with it. This priviledge can be revoked and the bot be removed from the server at any time, should you violate these terms and/or policy, the Terms of Service and/or Privacy Policy of Discord Inc., or their Community Guidelines.

Through inviting the bot, you agree to share data as described in the bot's policy. The intended use of this data is described in said policy.

Intended Age¶
Individuals of minimal age required to use Discord, as described in their Terms of Service may use the bot and its features.

Affiliation¶
The Bot is not affiliated with, supported or made by Discord Inc.
Any direct connection to Discord or any of its Trademark objects is purely coincidental. We do not claim to have the copyright ownership of any of Discord's assets, trademarks or other intellectual property.

Liability¶
The owner of the bot has faith in a users honesty and that the bot may only be used for its intended purpose and not in malicious ways against others or Discord Inc.

We reserve the right to update these Terms and policy at our own discretion, giving a 1 Week (7 days) period to opt out of the changed Terms and policy. You may opt out of these terms and policy by removing the bot from any server you have permission for and not using its features.

Contact¶
People may get in contact through my discord `@daaisukidayo`, or through the official Support Discord of the Bot.
Other ways of support may be provided but aren't guaranteed.

Usage of Data¶

No usage of data will happen and the data is not shared with any 3rd-party site or service.

Stored Information¶
The bot may store the following information automatically when being invited to a new Discord Server:

user's id, username, avatar with embed messages bot replying to (bot does save in his data only user's id)
id with the Server's ID as value.
prefix with value m%
No other information outside of the above mentioned one will be stored.

Updating Data¶
The data may be updated when using specific features of the bot.
